The first cartoons appeared in newspapers.
They told stories using pictures.
The first photographed cartoon film in 1906 was about humorous faces.
In the film, an artist drew pictures of two faces on a blackboard.
The faces came to life.
They smiled and a small dog jumped through a ring.
There were lots of animals in early cartoons.
One famous early cartoon character was Felix the Cat.
Walt Disney started to make films in the 1920s.
Some of his earliest films were about a famous story, Alice in Wonderland.
But in Disney's films, it was called Alice in Cartoonland.
Walt Disney's most famous cartoon character was Mickey Mouse.
He appeared in 1928, first in a black and white film without sound.
Then very soon after that, in a talking film and later in colour.
A Mickey Mouse film was the first cartoon film with sound to become really popular.
Today, over a hundred years later, cartoons are still popular with people of all ages.
They will probably be popular for many more years in the future.